Add Debian install instructions (#27)
BuddiesOfBudgie/docs: docs/developer/workflow/providing-backtraces.mdx

In the case of Budgie Desktop, this helps us identify various parts of the Budgie Desktop codebase across its range of components that may affect any issue that requires a backtrace.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="Debian" value="Debian">

>     Debian 11 and above can automatically retrive debug symbols from the Internet by export the following environment variable: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Debian 11 and above can automatically retrieve debug symbols from the Internet by exporting the following environment variable: 
```
